---
layout: post
title: Julia Szinai's work accepted at the AGU Fall Meeting
subtitle: 10 December 2020; 17:30 - 18:30 PST
tags: [talks]
comments: true
footer-extra: ucsd_logo.html
---

Our collaborator, [Julia Szinai](https://erg.berkeley.edu/people/szinai-julia/), Ph.D. candidate at UC Berkeley will be presenting her work
at the AGU Fall Meeting.

### Session Details  

**Title**: Evaluating Climate Change Adaptation Strategies for Electricity and Water Systems 
in the Western US with a Cross-Sectoral Energy-Water Nexus Modeling Approach

**Authors**: Julia Szinai, David Yates, Patricia Hidalgo-Gonzalez, Daniel M Kammen, Ranjit Deshmukh, and Andrew D Jones.

**Session Date and Time**: Thursday, 10 December 2020; 17:30 - 18:30 PST 

**Session Number and Title: GC064: Multisector Dynamics: Energy–Water–Land Interactions at Multiple Scales I**

**Session [description](https://agu.confex.com/agu/fm20/prelim.cgi/Session/105185)**:

The world's energy, water, and land (EWL) systems are in transition and are rapidly 
integrating, driven by forces such as socioeconomic, climatic, and technological changes, 
as well as policies intended to meet societal priorities such as the Sustainable Development 
Goals. These dynamics weave across spatial scales, connecting global markets to national, 
sub-regional, and urban economies. At the same time, resources are often locally managed under 
varying administrative jurisdictions tied to the characteristics of each commodity, such as 
river-basins for water, grid-regions for electricity, and land-use boundaries for agriculture. 
Local decisions in turn are critical to the success of national-to-global policies. Thus, there 
is a need to better characterize EWL interactions to guide robust, consistent, trans-scale decision-making. 
This session invites multidisciplinary abstracts exploring EWL dynamics, hotspots, trade, policies, 
infrastructure planning and uncertainty characterization across variable boundaries. 
Studies exploring the impacts of these dynamics on security, health, and conflict are also welcome.



For more information and registration refer to [AGU's website](https://www.agu.org/Fall-Meeting).

__Congratulations Julia!__


